[Docs] Add permission setup page for the clouds (#1795)
skypilot-org/skypilot: docs/source/reference/local/index.rst

SkyPilot On-prem
===================================

.. note::

>    This feature has been **DEPRECATED**, and under the process of re-implementing. Please stay tuned for updates.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   This feature has been **DEPRECATED**, and is under the process of re-implementation. Please stay tuned for updates.
```

Author: Oops. Good catch! Fixed. Thanks!
